I have a small request.
Qin shao, you said immediately dissolve the marriage contract between Yu Yu and Li Jia.
No problem, Qin lacks you, Miss Li.
Don't worry.
The wasteland of your Li family.
I can also buy it for the same price.
I'd like to raise a few more cows.
Of course it's true.
But I have two small requests.
What request?
Where's this first one?
It's so that this waste can't wrap around that earthworm anymore.
No problem, shut up.
What is the second requirement of lack of information?
Do some work for me.
What to do when you return
Feed me, of course.
And make me a glass of milk.
Of course.
Or what else do you think?
Wow.
Ah.
Haha.
Let's cooperate.
Qin Shao Dai Qin
So of course my Qin family has nothing else.
Lots of money.
Thank you for being generous.
We've got work to do.
Don't bother Qin Shao and Miss Qiao reunited again.
Let's go, let's go.
Shao, let's go.
Hey, Jess, that land is wasteland.
It's not worth much.
I just drink milk conveniently.
Think about it.
I saw such a big milk, drink this milk much better, come and eat it.